README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Hey 👋 I'm Rogie!</h1>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://git.io/typing-svg">
    <img 
      src="https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com?font=Fira+Code&size=26&duration=3000&pause=1000&color=1F9ADF&center=true&vCenter=true&width=800&lines=Aspiring+Software+Engineer;Aspiring+Full-Stack+Developer;Aspiring+Backend+Developer;Aspiring+Cloud+Engineer;Aspiring+DevOps+Engineer;Aspiring+AI%2FML+Engineer" 
      alt="Typing Animation" 
    />
  </a>
</p>

---

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

---

### 💻 Programming Languages

<p align="left">

<a href="https://www.python.org/" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/python/python-original.svg" width="45" height="45"/>
</a>

<a href="https://luau-lang.org/" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/lua/lua-original.svg" width="45" height="45"/>
</a>

<a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/csharp/csharp-original.svg" width="45" height="45"/>
</a>

<a href="https://www.java.com/" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/java/java-original.svg" width="45" height="45"/>
</a>

<a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" width="45" height="45"/>
</a>

<a href="https://www.php.net/" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/php/php-original.svg" width="45" height="45"/>
</a>

<a href="https://www.mysql.com/" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/mysql/mysql-original.svg" width="45" height="45"/>
</a>

</p>

---

### 🌐 Web Technologies

<p align="left">

<a href="https://www.w3.org/html/" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/html5/html5-original.svg" width="45" height="45"/>
</a>

<a href="https://www.w3.org/Style/CSS/" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/css3/css3-original.svg" width="45" height="45"/>
</a>

</p>

---

### 🧰 Developer Tools & IDEs

<p align="left">

<a href="https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/visualstudio/visualstudio-plain.svg" width="45" height="45"/>
</a>

<a href="https://code.visualstudio.com/" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/vscode/vscode-original.svg" width="45" height="45"/>
</a>

<a href="https://www.jetbrains.com/idea/" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/intellij/intellij-original.svg" width="45" height="45"/>
</a>

<a href="https://dotnet.microsoft.com/" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/dot-net/dot-net-original.svg" width="45" height="45"/>
</a>

<a href="https://git-scm.com/" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/git/git-original.svg" width="45" height="45"/>
</a>

<a href="https://github.com/" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/github/github-original.svg" width="45" height="45"/>
</a>

<a href="https://www.figma.com/" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/figma/figma-original.svg" width="45" height="45"/>
</a>

</p>

---

### 🗄️ Databases

<p align="left">

<a href="https://www.mysql.com/" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/mysql/mysql-original.svg" width="45" height="45"/>
</a>

<a href="https://www.mongodb.com/" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/mongodb/mongodb-original.svg" width="45" height="45"/>
</a>

</p>

---

### 🐳 DevOps & Operating Systems

<p align="left">

<a href="https://www.docker.com/" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/docker/docker-original.svg" width="45" height="45"/>
</a>

<a href="https://ubuntu.com/" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/ubuntu/ubuntu-plain.svg" width="45" height="45"/>
</a>

<a href="https://www.kali.org/" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" width="45" height="45"/>
</a>

</p>

---

## 🚀 Featured Projects

### 🔹 Project Name 1  
Short description of what it does.  
🔗 [View Project](#)

---

## 📍 What I'm Doing Now

🎓 Currently a university student at **Edinburgh Napier University**  
📚 Studying Computing  
🛠 Building projects & expanding my tech stack  

---

## 🌐 Connect With Me

<p align="left">

<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/osarogie-omoregie-125505337/" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/linkedin/linkedin-original.svg" width="45" height="45"/>
</a>

<a href="https://github.com/rogieregie" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/github/github-original.svg" width="45" height="45"/>
</a>

---

⭐ Always learning. Always building.

Commit message:

Add Task Manager project to README

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Hey 👋 I'm Rogie!</h1>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://git.io/typing-svg">
    <img 
      src="https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com?font=Fira+Code&size=26&duration=3000&pause=1000&color=1F9ADF&center=true&vCenter=true&width=800&lines=Aspiring+Software+Engineer;Aspiring+Full-Stack+Developer;Aspiring+Backend+Developer;Aspiring+Cloud+Engineer;Aspiring+DevOps+Engineer;Aspiring+AI%2FML+Engineer" 
      alt="Typing Animation" 
    />
  </a>
</p>

---

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

---

### 💻 Programming Languages

<p align="left">

<a href="https://www.python.org/" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/python/python-original.svg" width="45" height="45"/>
</a>

<a href="https://luau-lang.org/" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/lua/lua-original.svg" width="45" height="45"/>
</a>

<a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/csharp/csharp-original.svg" width="45" height="45"/>
</a>

<a href="https://www.java.com/" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/java/java-original.svg" width="45" height="45"/>
</a>

<a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" width="45" height="45"/>
</a>

<a href="https://www.php.net/" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/php/php-original.svg" width="45" height="45"/>
</a>

<a href="https://www.mysql.com/" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/mysql/mysql-original.svg" width="45" height="45"/>
</a>

</p>

---

### 🌐 Web Technologies

<p align="left">

<a href="https://www.w3.org/html/" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/html5/html5-original.svg" width="45" height="45"/>
</a>

<a href="https://www.w3.org/Style/CSS/" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/css3/css3-original.svg" width="45" height="45"/>
</a>

</p>

---

### 🧰 Developer Tools & IDEs

<p align="left">

<a href="https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/visualstudio/visualstudio-plain.svg" width="45" height="45"/>
</a>

<a href="https://code.visualstudio.com/" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/vscode/vscode-original.svg" width="45" height="45"/>
</a>

<a href="https://www.jetbrains.com/idea/" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/intellij/intellij-original.svg" width="45" height="45"/>
</a>

<a href="https://dotnet.microsoft.com/" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/dot-net/dot-net-original.svg" width="45" height="45"/>
</a>

<a href="https://git-scm.com/" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/git/git-original.svg" width="45" height="45"/>
</a>

<a href="https://github.com/" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/github/github-original.svg" width="45" height="45"/>
</a>

<a href="https://www.figma.com/" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/figma/figma-original.svg" width="45" height="45"/>
</a>

</p>

---

### 🗄️ Databases

<p align="left">

<a href="https://www.mysql.com/" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/mysql/mysql-original.svg" width="45" height="45"/>
</a>

<a href="https://www.mongodb.com/" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/mongodb/mongodb-original.svg" width="45" height="45"/>
</a>

</p>

---

### 🐳 DevOps & Operating Systems

<p align="left">

<a href="https://www.docker.com/" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/docker/docker-original.svg" width="45" height="45"/>
</a>

<a href="https://ubuntu.com/" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/ubuntu/ubuntu-plain.svg" width="45" height="45"/>
</a>

<a href="https://www.kali.org/" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" width="45" height="45"/>
</a>

</p>

---

## 🚀 Featured Projects

### 🔹Task Manager
A simple command line task manager built in Python using object-oriented programming principles. It allows users to add, complete, and remove tasks, with data saved using a JSON file. </br>
🔗 [View Project](https://github.com/rogieregie/python-task-manager.git)

---

## 📍 What I'm Doing Now

🎓 Currently a university student at **Edinburgh Napier University**  
📚 Studying Computing  
🛠 Building projects & expanding my tech stack  

---

## 🌐 Connect With Me

<p align="left">

<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/osarogie-omoregie-125505337/" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/linkedin/linkedin-original.svg" width="45" height="45"/>
</a>

<a href="https://github.com/rogieregie" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/github/github-original.svg" width="45" height="45"/>
</a>

---

⭐ Always learning. Always building.
